on that day they read from the book of
on that day they read from the book of Moses in the hearing of the people and
Moses in the hearing of the people and
Moses in the hearing of the people and in it was found written that no ammonite
in it was found written that no ammonite
in it was found written that no ammonite or Moabites should ever come into the
or Moabites should ever come into the
or Moabites should ever come into the Assembly of God because they had not met
Assembly of God because they had not met
Assembly of God because they had not met the children of Israel with bread and
the children of Israel with bread and
the children of Israel with bread and water but hired Balaam against them to
water but hired Balaam against them to
water but hired Balaam against them to curse them
curse them
curse them however our God turned the curse into a
however our God turned the curse into a
however our God turned the curse into a blessing so it was when they had heard
blessing so it was when they had heard
blessing so it was when they had heard the law that they separated all the
the law that they separated all the
the law that they separated all the mixed multitude from Israel now before
mixed multitude from Israel now before
mixed multitude from Israel now before this Elijah cheb the priests having
this Elijah cheb the priests having
this Elijah cheb the priests having authority over the storerooms of the
authority over the storerooms of the
authority over the storerooms of the house of our God was allied with Tobiah
house of our God was allied with Tobiah
house of our God was allied with Tobiah and he had prepared for him a large room
and he had prepared for him a large room
and he had prepared for him a large room where previously they had stored the
where previously they had stored the
where previously they had stored the grain offerings the frankincense the
grain offerings the frankincense the
grain offerings the frankincense the articles the tides of grain the new wine
articles the tides of grain the new wine
articles the tides of grain the new wine and oil which were commanded to be given
and oil which were commanded to be given
and oil which were commanded to be given to the Levites and singers and
to the Levites and singers and
to the Levites and singers and gatekeepers and the offerings for the
gatekeepers and the offerings for the
gatekeepers and the offerings for the priests but during all this I was not in
priests but during all this I was not in
priests but during all this I was not in Jerusalem for in the 32nd year of
Jerusalem for in the 32nd year of
Jerusalem for in the 32nd year of artaxerxes king of Babylon I had
artaxerxes king of Babylon I had
artaxerxes king of Babylon I had returned to the king then after certain
returned to the king then after certain
returned to the king then after certain days I obtained leave from the king and
days I obtained leave from the king and
days I obtained leave from the king and I came to Jerusalem and discovered the
I came to Jerusalem and discovered the
I came to Jerusalem and discovered the evil that a liar ship had done for
evil that a liar ship had done for
evil that a liar ship had done for Tobiah and preparing a room for him in
Tobiah and preparing a room for him in
Tobiah and preparing a room for him in the courts of the house of God and it
the courts of the house of God and it
the courts of the house of God and it grieved me bitterly therefore I threw
grieved me bitterly therefore I threw
grieved me bitterly therefore I threw all the household goods of Tobiah out of
all the household goods of Tobiah out of
all the household goods of Tobiah out of the room then I commanded them to
the room then I commanded them to
the room then I commanded them to cleanse the rooms and I brought back
cleanse the rooms and I brought back
cleanse the rooms and I brought back into them the articles of the house of
into them the articles of the house of
into them the articles of the house of God with the grain offering and the
God with the grain offering and the
God with the grain offering and the frankincense I also realized that the
frankincense I also realized that the
frankincense I also realized that the portions for the Levites had not been
portions for the Levites had not been
portions for the Levites had not been given them for each of the Levites and
given them for each of the Levites and
given them for each of the Levites and the singers who did the work had gone
the singers who did the work had gone
the singers who did the work had gone back to his field
back to his field
back to his field so I contended with the rulers and said
so I contended with the rulers and said
so I contended with the rulers and said why is the house of God forsaken and I
why is the house of God forsaken and I
why is the house of God forsaken and I gathered them together and set them in
gathered them together and set them in
gathered them together and set them in their place then all Judah brought the
their place then all Judah brought the
their place then all Judah brought the tide of the grain in the new
tide of the grain in the new
tide of the grain in the new and the oil to the storehouse and I
and the oil to the storehouse and I
and the oil to the storehouse and I appointed his treasures over the
appointed his treasures over the
appointed his treasures over the storehouse shal Amaya the priest and
storehouse shal Amaya the priest and
storehouse shal Amaya the priest and Zadok describe and of the Levites
Zadok describe and of the Levites
Zadok describe and of the Levites Padilla and next to them was Hainan the
Padilla and next to them was Hainan the
Padilla and next to them was Hainan the son of Zakhar the son of mattaniah for
son of Zakhar the son of mattaniah for
son of Zakhar the son of mattaniah for they were considered faithful and their
they were considered faithful and their
they were considered faithful and their task was to distribute to their brethren
remember me oh my god concerning this
remember me oh my god concerning this and do not wipe out my good deeds that I
and do not wipe out my good deeds that I
and do not wipe out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my god and
have done for the house of my god and
have done for the house of my god and for its services in those days I saw
for its services in those days I saw
for its services in those days I saw people in Judah treading wine presses on
people in Judah treading wine presses on
people in Judah treading wine presses on the Sabbath and bringing in sheaves and
the Sabbath and bringing in sheaves and
the Sabbath and bringing in sheaves and loading donkeys with wine grapes figs
loading donkeys with wine grapes figs
loading donkeys with wine grapes figs and all kinds of burdens which they
and all kinds of burdens which they
and all kinds of burdens which they brought into Jerusalem on the Sabbath
brought into Jerusalem on the Sabbath
brought into Jerusalem on the Sabbath day and I warned them about the day on
day and I warned them about the day on
day and I warned them about the day on which they were selling provisions men
which they were selling provisions men
which they were selling provisions men of Tyre dwelt there also who brought in
of Tyre dwelt there also who brought in
of Tyre dwelt there also who brought in fish in all kinds of goods and sold them
fish in all kinds of goods and sold them
fish in all kinds of goods and sold them on the Sabbath to the children of Judah
on the Sabbath to the children of Judah
on the Sabbath to the children of Judah and in Jerusalem then I contended with
and in Jerusalem then I contended with
and in Jerusalem then I contended with the nobles of Judah and said to them
the nobles of Judah and said to them
the nobles of Judah and said to them what evil thing is this that you do by
what evil thing is this that you do by
what evil thing is this that you do by which you profane the Sabbath day did
which you profane the Sabbath day did
which you profane the Sabbath day did not your fathers do thus and did not our
not your fathers do thus and did not our
not your fathers do thus and did not our God bring all this disaster on us and on
God bring all this disaster on us and on
God bring all this disaster on us and on this city yet you bring added wrath on
this city yet you bring added wrath on
this city yet you bring added wrath on Israel by profaning the Sabbath so it
Israel by profaning the Sabbath so it
Israel by profaning the Sabbath so it was at the gates of Jerusalem as it
was at the gates of Jerusalem as it
was at the gates of Jerusalem as it began to be dark before the Sabbath that
began to be dark before the Sabbath that
began to be dark before the Sabbath that I commanded the gates to be shut and
I commanded the gates to be shut and
I commanded the gates to be shut and charged that they must not be open till
charged that they must not be open till
charged that they must not be open till after the Sabbath then I posted some of
after the Sabbath then I posted some of
after the Sabbath then I posted some of my servants at the gates so that no
my servants at the gates so that no
my servants at the gates so that no burdens would be brought in on the
burdens would be brought in on the
burdens would be brought in on the Sabbath day
now the merchants and sellers of all
now the merchants and sellers of all kinds of wares lodged outside Jerusalem
kinds of wares lodged outside Jerusalem
kinds of wares lodged outside Jerusalem once or twice then I warned them and
once or twice then I warned them and
once or twice then I warned them and said to them why do you spend the night
said to them why do you spend the night
said to them why do you spend the night around the wall if you do so again I
around the wall if you do so again I
around the wall if you do so again I will lay hands on you
will lay hands on you
will lay hands on you from that time on they came no more on
from that time on they came no more on
from that time on they came no more on the Sabbath and I commanded the Levites
the Sabbath and I commanded the Levites
the Sabbath and I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves and
that they should cleanse themselves and
that they should cleanse themselves and that they should go and guard the gates
that they should go and guard the gates
that they should go and guard the gates to sanctify the Sabbath day remember me
to sanctify the Sabbath day remember me
to sanctify the Sabbath day remember me oh my god concerning this also and spare
oh my god concerning this also and spare
oh my god concerning this also and spare me according to the greatness of your
me according to the greatness of your
me according to the greatness of your mercy in those days I also saw Jews who
mercy in those days I also saw Jews who
mercy in those days I also saw Jews who had married women of Ashdod Ammon and
had married women of Ashdod Ammon and
had married women of Ashdod Ammon and Moab and half of their children spoke
Moab and half of their children spoke
Moab and half of their children spoke the language of Ashdod and could not
the language of Ashdod and could not
the language of Ashdod and could not speak the language of Judah but spoke
speak the language of Judah but spoke
speak the language of Judah but spoke according to the language of one or the
according to the language of one or the
according to the language of one or the other people so I contended with them
other people so I contended with them
other people so I contended with them and cursed them struck some of them and
and cursed them struck some of them and
and cursed them struck some of them and pulled out their hair and made them
pulled out their hair and made them
pulled out their hair and made them swear by God saying you shall not give
swear by God saying you shall not give
swear by God saying you shall not give your daughters as wives to their sons
your daughters as wives to their sons
your daughters as wives to their sons nor take their daughters for your sons
nor take their daughters for your sons
nor take their daughters for your sons or yourselves did not Solomon king of
or yourselves did not Solomon king of
or yourselves did not Solomon king of Israel sinned by these things yet among
Israel sinned by these things yet among
Israel sinned by these things yet among many nations there was no king like him
many nations there was no king like him
many nations there was no king like him who was beloved of his God and God made
who was beloved of his God and God made
who was beloved of his God and God made him king over all Israel nevertheless
him king over all Israel nevertheless
him king over all Israel nevertheless pagan women caused even him to sin
pagan women caused even him to sin
pagan women caused even him to sin should we then hear of your doing all
should we then hear of your doing all
should we then hear of your doing all this great evil transgressing against
this great evil transgressing against
this great evil transgressing against our God by marrying pagan women and one
our God by marrying pagan women and one
our God by marrying pagan women and one of the sons of Judah the son of Elijah
of the sons of Judah the son of Elijah
of the sons of Judah the son of Elijah the high priest was a son-in-law of
the high priest was a son-in-law of
the high priest was a son-in-law of Sanballat the horror night
Sanballat the horror night
Sanballat the horror night therefore I drove him from me
therefore I drove him from me
therefore I drove him from me remember them oh my god because they
remember them oh my god because they
remember them oh my god because they have defiled the priesthood and the
have defiled the priesthood and the
have defiled the priesthood and the Covenant of the priesthood and the
Covenant of the priesthood and the
Covenant of the priesthood and the Levites thus I cleanse them of
Levites thus I cleanse them of
Levites thus I cleanse them of everything pagan I also assigned duties
everything pagan I also assigned duties
everything pagan I also assigned duties to the priests and the Levites each to
to the priests and the Levites each to
to the priests and the Levites each to his service and to bringing the wood
his service and to bringing the wood
his service and to bringing the wood offering and the first fruits at
offering and the first fruits at
offering and the first fruits at appointed times remember me oh my god
appointed times remember me oh my god
appointed times remember me oh my god for good
for good
for good [Music]